README.md, before:

# Temperature Sensor Project

## Introduction

My project to measure temperature and record it in a Google Drive spreadsheet.

Run this on a Raspberry Pi (or other system) with the DS18B20 Digital Temperature Sensor and record the temperature on a Google Drive Spreadsheet.

## Requirements

1. Google account with Google Drive.
2. python 3.10.11 or greater.
3. Working DS18B20 Temperature Sensor Setup [Guide](https://raspberrypi-guide.github.io/electronics/temperature-monitoring).
4. Wifi connection

## Setup

1. On your system with the temperature sensor, clone this repo.
2. In the project directory, make a `config` directory
3. (If not already provided) add the `service-account.json` file in the config directory. This file should be downloadable from the Google IAM & Admin, Service Accounts page if you generate a new key.
3. Create a copy of this [spreadsheet template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H4HRqkf3VL08AwR81g5vAZK_zrVvHHmFs8ZXFuZmpcU/edit?usp=sharing) on your Google Drive. Then note down the spreadsheet ID found in the URL of your copy. For instance, the ID of the template above is `1H4HRqkf3VL08AwR81g5vAZK_zrVvHHmFs8ZXFuZmpcU`.
4. Share the spreadsheet. Add the account 'temp-sensor-app@my-temp-sensor-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com' to the list of collaborators. Make sure it has editor access.

5. Create a file 'config/spreadsheet-id' in the project directory
The 'spreadsheet-id' file should contain the spreadsheet ID of your spreadsheet.

6. (Optional) Do a test of the wifi connection and Google Drive access. Run the following command to post a temperature to the top row and return `python3 main.py -d"-130,-130"`.

6. Set up the service on linux to start upon startup. Copy the 'temp-sensor.service.example' file into the config directory. Rename it to 'temp-sensor.service'.

7. Edit the paths in the 'config/temp-sensor.service' file to match your desired python installation and where you cloned the repo for 'main.py'.

8. Start the service or restart the raspberry pi.

Commit message:

Updated README.md, got rid of git pull, startup.sh
Updated README with instructions to set up service. Deleted
startup.sh. Will figure out more user friendly way to update
rather than calling git pull at startup

README.md, after:

# Temperature Sensor Project

## Introduction

My project to measure temperature and record it in a Google Drive spreadsheet.

Run this on a Raspberry Pi (or other system) with the DS18B20 Digital Temperature Sensor and record the temperature on a Google Drive Spreadsheet.

## Requirements

1. Google account with Google Drive.
2. python 3.10.11 or greater.
3. Working DS18B20 Temperature Sensor Setup [Guide](https://raspberrypi-guide.github.io/electronics/temperature-monitoring).
4. Wifi connection

## Setup

1. On your system with the temperature sensor, clone this repo.
2. In the project directory, make a `config` directory
3. (If not already provided) add the `service-account.json` file in the config directory. This file should be downloadable from the Google IAM & Admin, Service Accounts page if you generate a new key.
3. Create a copy of this [spreadsheet template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H4HRqkf3VL08AwR81g5vAZK_zrVvHHmFs8ZXFuZmpcU/edit?usp=sharing) on your Google Drive. Then note down the spreadsheet ID found in the URL of your copy. For instance, the ID of the template above is `1H4HRqkf3VL08AwR81g5vAZK_zrVvHHmFs8ZXFuZmpcU`.
4. Share the spreadsheet. Add the account `temp-sensor-app@my-temp-sensor-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com` to the list of collaborators. Make sure it has editor access.

5. Create a file `config/spreadsheet-id` in the project directory
The 'spreadsheet-id' file should contain the spreadsheet ID of your spreadsheet.

6. (Optional) Do a test of the wifi connection and Google Drive access. Run the following command to post a temperature to the top row and return `python3 main.py -d"-130,-130"`.

6. Set up the service on linux to start upon startup. Copy the `temp-sensor.service.example` file into `/etc/systemd/system/temp-sensor.service`

7. Edit the absolute paths in the `/etc/systemd/system/temp-sensor.service` file to match your desired python installation and where you cloned the repo for `main.py`.

8. Enable the service and then start the service. Then you can restart the raspberry pi and this service will launch on startup. This is a good [guide](https://medium.com/@benmorel/creating-a-linux-service-with-systemd-611b5c8b91d6).
